Add row number for screen reader (#824)
BrightspaceUI/core: components/list/README.md

**Methods:**

- `getListItemCount`: gets the length of the items within the list

> - `getListItemPosition` (Object): gets the position of the given element within the list

Reviewer: Readme update because you changed the name!
```suggestion
- `getListItemIndex` (Object): gets the index of the given element within the list
```
